chore(react-scheduler-docs): remove the 'mapAppointmentData' function from API reference (#1843)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/scheduler.md

### AppointmentModel

> Describes an appointment data object. If you are using another data structure, map it to this structure as shown in [this](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/scheduler/demos/featured/remote-data/) demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describes an appointment data object. If you use another data structure, map it to this structure as shown in [this](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/scheduler/demos/featured/remote-data/) demo.
```
